<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>II</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:drama z3998:fiction">
		<section id="act-2" epub:type="chapter z3998:scene">
			<h2>Act II</h2>
			<p>The scene is a room at Goebel's music publishing house. A piano, a few chairs, some shelves, and you have it. Three or four weeks have gone by since Act I.</p>
			<p>MAXIE is at the piano just amusing himself when the curtain rises. He is playing "La Boheme" and cutting loose a trifle. There enters, from one of the adjacent offices, a young woman (an employee) known as GOLDIE. She may have got her name because of the color of her hair or from the fact that she is really a Miss Goldberg. That point is never brought up in this play, but may some day be the subject of a musical comedy. Anyway, she comes on and busies herself looking over songs at the music shelves, on which the hits of these and other days are piled high.</p>
			<table>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">busy with her songs</i> "There Never Was a Girl Like Mother."</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Maybe it's all for the best.... How's the boss? Did he have a good trip?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>He says not. He says in the Middle West they're still wild over "The Rosary."</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>That looks like a hit.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Did Benny find you? He was looking for you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Not yet.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>He's got a new song.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>That's good. I was afraid he was written out.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>You'd better hide if you don't want to hear it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>No use—he always gets his man. Besides, I've got to stick around and play Paul's new one, "June Moon."</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Is it any good?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>It's got a chance. It's a tune that's easy to remember, but if you should forget it it wouldn't make any difference.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> plunges in.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Ain't Mr. Hart back yet?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Not yet.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Don't you even know what time he's coming?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Can't tell. His first day back in town—he's probably got a lot of things to do. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She goes— and pretty disrespectfully, too.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>It's half past four. He said he was coming back at two o'clock.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>You get used to waiting in this game. I've been in it twenty-two years and nothing's happened yet.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Paul's coming right in. We want to play the song once before Mr. Hart hears it. I made a change.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Whereabouts.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>In the refrain. We had it "Sweet night-bird, hovering above," now it's "winging aloft." You see, "aloft" means the same like "above.”</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Only higher.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I wish I'd known Mr. Hart was going to be late. I could have slept some more. I had to get up at twelve.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>That must be tough after working for the General Electric, where a man's hours are practically his own.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>No. I had to be on the job at eight, every morning. But I went to bed about ten, except Saturday nights, when I seen a picture or something. I didn't know what life was, in Schenectady.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>I bet it's an open book to you now.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Imagine—only going out one night a week and then just to a moving picture show! Down here it's like as if every night was a special night— there's always new places to go to. Miss Fletcher —she's always locating new ones! We was in three last night! Wound up at half past seven this morning, in the Bucket of Blood! There's a lively place! We was the last ones there. Paul and Lucille, they went home at seven, but I and Miss Fletcher stayed and she made the proprietor sell me six bottles of his gin. It's real gin; what they call pro-war. You got to have good gin. It's one of the things they put into what they call a Bronx cocktail.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Is that so?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Didn't you ever have one?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>I don't drink. After I listen to songs all day I don't want liquor. I just go home and take a general anesthetic.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I like Bronxes best. They're nothing but gin and orange juice. I don't know why they call it a Bronx.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>It's great orange country, up there.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Anyway, I got a bargain—six bottles for sixty bucks. I give Miss Fletcher three bottles for a present, because if it hadn't been for her I wouldn't have got them. She made the man do it. When you're around with her you just can't resist doing things.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>I know. That's why I don't carry a gun.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>She's a great sport, all right. She'd make a wonderful wife—she's such a good pal. I think a man's wife ought to be their pal as well as their sweetheart.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>You ought to patent that.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Say—how much money do you think a fella ought to be making before he could get married? In New York, I mean?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>It depends on the girl.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Buddy De Sylva makes pretty near half a million dollars a year out of just writing lyrics. I guess a man could support a wife on that!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>If she was satisfied to ride a bicycle.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Well, suppose "June Moon" is a big smash? What's the most we could make out of it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>It's hard to say. Take a song like "Swanee River" and it's still going big.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yeah, but that's because it was in a big production like "Show Boat."</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>How's that?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>And with that girl to sing it, that sits on the piano.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>You're thinking of Ruby Keeler in "The Wild Duck."</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Well, whoever it was. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Turns away; suddenly remembers.</i> Oh, say! I was over to the tailor's to-day. I'm getting a new suit. Miss Fletcher took me.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>That so?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>It's a blue search, with a hair-bone strip. He took my measures all over. Like I was a fighter. I'm thirty-eight inches around my chest, and thirty-three around my stomach, and—I forget my thigh. Anyway, he's got it all wrote down.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>I must get a copy.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>If they like "June Moon" I'm going to have an evening dinner coat made, with a Tuxedo. I been wearing an old suit of Paul's, but it's too big. Miss Fletcher says it would hold two like me.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>There couldn't be two.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>She was just joking.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>I see.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>They've given me a wonderful time, all right. They've introduced me to all the big stars! Gil Boag, and Earl Carroll, and Texas Guinan! I met Texas Guinan!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>She's kind of hard to meet, isn't she?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>No. She's one of the friendliest women I ever seen. When the girls told her who I was she said it was a big night in her life—she said she'd always wanted to meet a lyric writer. I wonder what my friends in Schenectady would say if they knew I sat around and talked to Texas Guinan! I didn't know nothing when I lived there. Even the first few weeks I was in New York, I was kind of a sap.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>That sounds incredible.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I went sightseeing to places like the Aquarium, and Grant's Tomb, and the Central Park animal zoo, and thought I was having a great time. A little friend of mine, she took me around places she'd been to and I thought I was seeing New York because I didn't know no better. She was from a small town, too—she didn't know no better either. Only now I've learned.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>What's become of her? Did she go home?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>No, she lives here. She works for a dentist. I must call her up some time and see how she's getting along. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">A <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</b> enters. He looks a great deal like a window cleaner.</i> What are you going to do?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</td>
					<td>Wash the windows.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>But we're going to try a song here. Can't you go somewheres else first?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</td>
					<td>First! I'm pretty near through for the day. Besides, they're singing songs all over the building. That don't bother me.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>But we're going to sing a new one for Mr. Hart.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</td>
					<td>How much does a man get for writing songs?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>It depends on the song.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</td>
					<td>Say a big hit like "Nearer My God To Thee"?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Just before <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> can brain him, <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</b> comes on.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Are you ready?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yah. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">To <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie.</b></i> Let's do the song now.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Plenty of time.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I wish Hart would come, so I can get my advance royalty check. Say, where will I get it cashed? At the American Express Company?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Or the 59th Street Bridge.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> Fox bounds on. He's a song-writer of the dangerous type.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Where's Hart?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>He ain't back yet.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">buttonholing <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b></i> I've got it this time! "Hello, Tokio!" How's that for a title? They wanted a novelty number! I guess I've give it to them!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I and Paul have got a hit!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Yeah!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>We think so, anyway.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">paying no attention to them</i>
						<p>In the verse I've got a fella here in New York that sees a pitcher of a Japanese princess and he's nuts over her, but he can't afford a trip to Japan just on a chance. So he calls her up-get it? "Hello, Tokio!" Get this! Here's the refrain! After he calls her up! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He plays and sings it, the chorus being as follows</i>:</p>
						<div epub:type="z3998:song">
							<p>
								<span>"Hello, hello, Tokio!</span>
								<br/>
								<span>Girlie, you'll excuse it, please,</span>
								<br/>
								<span>If I no spik Japanese.</span>
								<br/>
								<span>This little call will leave me broke-o,</span>
								<br/>
								<span>But I simply had to say, 'I love you so.'</span>
								<br/>
								<span>Believe me, dearie, it's no joke-o;</span>
								<br/>
								<span>I'd gladly fly through fire and smoke-o'</span>
								<br/>
								<span>To share with you the marriage yok-o,</span>
								<br/>
								<span>Fairest flower of Tokio-oki-okio!"</span>
							</p>
						</div>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">But that isn't all. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</b> and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> start expectantly toward the piano as the finish approaches, but <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> double-crosses them by plunging quickly into a second chorus. This time the <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</b>, who has been entranced by the whole thing, starts to beat time with his sponge. He holds the sponge directly over <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny's</b> head, and the resulting drips do not help the second chorus any. By way of good measure, he then chimes in on the finish, winding up with one "Okio" left over after <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> is through playing. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> glares at him, and he turns back to his window-washing.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b>, when it's all over</i> Well, what do you think?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>It would sound better in Japanese.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>How about it, Paul?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>It's a pretty good number.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>It's a great number! Here's another one—just come to me last night!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He starts to play a refrain—a melody so familiar that <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> calmly pushes him off the bench and finishes it himself.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">a bit discouraged</i> Oh, you're too wise! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He goes.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">starting to play</i> All right, boys!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">The <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</b> decides that he doesn't want to hear this one. He opens the window, and a good gale of wind blows most of the papers off the piano.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Hey!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>What are you trying to do?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</td>
					<td>I'm sorry. I didn't realize it was blowing so hard. I'm glad I ain't out in a boat.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>
						<p>I wish you'd been on the Hesperus. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">The <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</b> climbs out the window, and presently disappears from view. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> and the boys plunge into "June Moon," with <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> leading the singing.</i></p>
						<div epub:type="z3998:song">
							<p>
								<span>"Summer winds are sighing in the trees, my dear;</span>
								<br/>
								<span>I am sure I know what makes them sigh:</span>
								<br/>
								<span>They are sad on moonlight nights like these, my dear;</span>
								<br/>
								<span>They are lonely for you, same as I.</span>
								<br/>
								<span>Sweetheart, how can you resist their plea,</span>
								<br/>
								<span>And the moon you used to share with me?</span>
							</p>
							<p>
								<span>June Moon, shining above,</span>
								<br/>
								<span>Will my true love come soon?</span>
								<br/>
								<span>June Moon, I am so blue;</span>
								<br/>
								<span>I know that you long for her, too.</span>
								<br/>
								<span>Sweet night-bird, winging aloft,</span>
								<br/>
								<span>Singing a soft love tune,</span>
								<br/>
								<span>Tell her to come to me here,</span>
								<br/>
								<span>To me and her dear June Moon."</span>
							</p>
						</div>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">As the song finishes, <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b>, the girl of the prologue, quietly enters. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> is the first to see her.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>You got an audience.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">none too pleased</i> Hello there, girlie!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">ill at ease</i> Hello.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I wasn't expecting to see you. Ah—this is— you met Mr. Sears. This is Miss Baker, everybody. And this is Mr. Schwartz.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>How do you do, Miss Baker?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Hello. They told me to come in, but I'm afraid you're busy.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Not a bit.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>We were just polishing off our number. "June Moon."</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>You've finished it, haven't you? It's beautiful.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">eagerly</i> Did you like the melody?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b> enters; she has work to do at the music shelves.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I loved it. And I love Fred's words. I think everybody will.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Are you fond of music?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I love it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>We'll send you some good stuff. Goldie! Get Miss Baker's address before she leaves—we'll send her some music.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">visions of more work</i> Oh, yeah? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She goes.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">an embarrassed pause</i> I don't want to interrupt. Maybe I'd better be going.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>No, no! We'll go. You stay right here!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>But look, if Mr. Hart comes in—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>We'll be in Benny's room. Good-by, Miss Baker.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Good-by, Mr.—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Schwartz. Maxie Schwartz. It's a Greek name.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</b> and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> go. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> are alone.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Hello.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I'm fine. Are you?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>We're all alone, Fred.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Huh?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Nobody's looking.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Oh! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He kisses her—a kiss that would easily get by the censors.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>My, it seems nice again!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>You bet!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Fred, what's been the matter?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Nothing. I just been busy, that's all. I was going to call you as soon as I wasn't busy.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I thought maybe you were sick or something. I tried to call you up two mornings—I mean, at your hotel—and they said you couldn't be waked up before one o'clock, I think it was.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>That's only because I been up late the night before, working. We got the song all finished.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>It's beautiful! I had no idea it would turn out so beautiful! It's beautiful!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>We're going to sing it for Mr. Hart as soon as he gets here.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>It's a beautiful song. Up to now I felt it was sort of ours together. I mean, the way it started when we were on the train, and then you telling me how it was getting along every day, and now all of a sudden it's finished and I haven't got anything to do with it any more.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yes, you have. When it's published I'll make them put your name on the cover—"Dictated to Miss Edna Baker."</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Oh, Fred, I'd love that! But I'd love something else better.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>What's that?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>It's been two Sundays since we went anywhere together. Remember the day we took our lunch, and went over on the Palisades all day, and then in the evening we went to the amusement park and went on all the rides! We didn't get home till pretty near twelve o'clock! And then we were going again the next Sunday, only—we didn't.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>But that's because I've been working. I told you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>You don't have to work days and nights both.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">trying to wriggle out</i> I have to work when Paul feels like it. Music writers don't keep no hours—they work when they're inspired. And it ain't just writing the songs that takes time. You have to go around places, and keep in contract with the other boys, so you get new notions. You got to keep getting new notions in this game.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>What kind of places do you have to go to?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>You know—places where they have music.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>You mean—night clubs?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Some of them.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Just you and Mr. Sears?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Well, generally we all go together.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Who else?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Paul's wife. Lucille, her name is.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> starts to come on; stops as he sees them.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">So graciously, as though the interruption had been the other way around</i> That's all right. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Withdraws.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Doesn't anybody else go along, to sort of even up the party?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">a second's hesitation; then he blurts it out</i> Nobody you know! I hardly know her myself. She just comes along because she's Lucille's sister and lives there.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Oh!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>You can't leave her home by herself. She's timid.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Does she know about—me, Fred?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Huh?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Didn't you ever tell her about—me?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Well, you see, we just—it's only business, and there hasn't nothing like that come up.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>What's she like, Fred?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I don't know. She—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">hard at work</i> A girl like she has probably got lots of beautiful clothes. She probably makes little me look like nothing.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>That part don't matter. It wouldn't make no difference to me if she had all the clothes in the world. Or if she was bare, either.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Is she—very pretty?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yah, she—I hardly ever noticed if she was pretty or not.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>What's her name?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Miss Fletcher.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I mean her first name.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I think they call her Eileen.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>That's a beautiful name. It's a lot nicer than mine, don't you think?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>It's just a different name.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Is she blonde or brunette?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Both—I mean she's red-headed. That is, I never paid much attention.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>How old is she?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I don't know.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Older than I am?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>A little bit, I guess. I guess she must be. She's been on the stage.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">putting across a little mild horror</i> Honestly, Fred?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yah, but don't think—I mean, that don't mean anything.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Oh, Fred, you want to be careful! Because you take a woman like she, that's close to forty or more—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>She ain't forty.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">conceding two years</i> Well, thirty-eight. And she sees a young boy who almost any woman would be proud to win your affection, and there isn't anything she might not stoop to, to entangle you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>There won't no woman untangle me.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>You can't tell, Fred—the most terrible things can happen. There was a near friend of mine, a man, and he was acquainted with a count, an international count, and he came here to New York and one night they went on a wild party and he fell in love with a beautiful chorus girl from the Metropolitan Opera Company—I forgot the name of the opera. And he bought her pearls and diamonds, and in less than a week's time he found out they was both married. That's just what could happen to you, dear.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Who found out who was married?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Both of them were married-the count and the girl.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>He must have been a fine count, not to know he was married.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Fred, doesn't it cost an awful lot of money when you go around to all these places—or do they take you?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Well, that part's going to be all right, because as soon as they take our song I'll get what they call an advance royalties. And of course after it's a big hit I'll have plenty of money.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I see.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Only the first thing I'm going to do—I mean, when I get my advance royalties—I'm going to pay you back that little loan.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>That doesn't matter, Fred.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>But I don't like owing money to a girl. Especially a girl.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>But it's all right when two people are like you and I. That makes it all right. I'd give you everything I've got, only I'm afraid I'm not going to have very much from now on.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>What do you mean?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I wasn't going to tell you, but I haven't got my position any more. I mean, with Doctor.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>You mean you quit?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>He discharged me.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>What for?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I made a mistake. I gave Mr. Mowrey's appointment to Mr. Treadwell, and Doctor scraped Mr. Treadwell's bones instead of Mr. Mowrey's.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I'm terrible sorry, Eddie. Gosh, I wish there was something I could do about it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">snapping him up</i> There is, Fred, if you felt like doing it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Are you going to be busy—after they hear the song?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Well, I'm afraid so—to-night. I got to work with Paul.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Well, then, before that. After Mr. Hart hears it. Oh, Fred, couldn't I stay and hear it too?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Oh, no, Eddie. When Mr. Hart's hearing a new number he can't have nobody around. He's got to consecrate.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Oh!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I'll tell you what. You can wait in the reception room or somewheres, and the minute he's heard it I'll come and tell what he says. you</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Oh, Fred, that's grand! Then can we go somewhere together for a little while? Have a soda or something?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yah, I guess so.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Oh, Fred, I'm so glad! You do care a little, then? I mean, you do care whether you—see me?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Of course I do. Sure. Certainly.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Oh, Fred! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She presents herself impulsively. He kisses her.</i> Everything seems all right again now. I don't care about losing my position any more.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yah, but— <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Mr. Hart</b> finally arrives. A big man, and important-looking. He crosses the room enroute to his own office.</i> Oh, Mr. Hart! Mr. Hart!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>We've been waiting for you! We're all ready!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Ready with what?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>The new number. We'll go through it for you if you'll just wait a minute.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>What number?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>"June Moon." The number I wrote with Paul Sears.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Oh! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Starts away.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I'll get he and Maxie and we'll run it through for you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>That's very thoughtful. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">But he goes.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yes, sir. Paul! Maxie! All right, Eddie, you go in there and as soon as the song's over I'll come and tell you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>All right, dear.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">coming in</i> Did Hart get back?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yah! He went in there! I told him we was ready! Where's Maxie?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>He's coming! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">And so he does.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Well! Are we all set?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>He's here, but he went in there! He came in, and I talked to him, and he went out!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>What do you think we better do?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>How about throwing a cordon around the building? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He goes into <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart's</b> office.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Maxie'll bring him.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">trying his voice</i> "June Moon"—<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Suddenly sees <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> again.</i> All right, Eddie, we're going to sing it now.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>All right, dear. I can wait happy now. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She goes.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">The <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</b> climbs through the window again.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Hey! You can't work here now!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> comes back, bringing <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart.</b></i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Here we are!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>All right—let's have it. What's the name of this song? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> bounds on, following <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart.</b></i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Are you ready, Boss?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>For "Tokio!"</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Listen, Joe—these boys have been waiting since two o'clock.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>All right, all right. Let's have it. What's the name of it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>"June Moon."</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">bitingly</i> Great idea!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b> enters.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Pardon me, Mr. Hart. Mr. Wayburn's on the wire.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Can't talk to him now. Go ahead, boys! What's this song called?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>He wants to know if he can use the "Java" number to-night. It's a benefit.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Who for? Him?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>I think he said the Widows of Long Island Commuters.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Oh, sure. Tell him he can have it if he pays for it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Yes, sir! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Goes.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>That's a great number, "Java." Great number.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Yes, sir.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">very much the big man</i> Do you boys want a sure-fire idea?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Yes.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Yes.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yes, sir.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">just one of the boys</i> Yeah!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Write a war song. Just have it ready—in case.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Is there going to be a war?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">taking them all in</i> I won't say yes and I won't say no. But in this little swing around the West I had a chance to sort of feel out the common people. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Grows very confidential.</i> I'll tell you something. I'm not a bit comfortable about the Mexican situation.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</td>
					<td>Me neither.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>It's a dangerous situation. I don't like it. I don't like it a bit. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">A long, low whistle from <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny.</b></i> Wouldn't surprise me at all if something happened and happened soon. And when it does, the first fellow in the field is going to clean up. You boys want to watch the papers—be ready for an emergency. Not only war, but these aeroplane flights all over the place—television— all the big inventions. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">A man named <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Brainard</b> comes in—just a stranger.</i> What is it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Brainard</td>
					<td>Have you seen a couple of men?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Brainard</td>
					<td>Have you seen a couple of men? There's two of them.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>What men?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Brainard</td>
					<td>From our office. One of them's had his appendix out.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>What office? Where are you from?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Brainard</td>
					<td>Devlin, Devlin, Stewart and Devlin.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>How did Stewart crash in? Marry one of the Devlin girls?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Brainard</td>
					<td>No. Only one of the Devlins has got a daughter. She's Mrs. Carl Bishop, the architect.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>For God's sake! Get out of here, will you?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Brainard</td>
					<td>But I got to find them.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Well, they're not here. What would they be doing here?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Brainard</td>
					<td>This is their day in this building.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>We're busy now. Come in to-morrow.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Brainard</td>
					<td>They won't be here to-morrow.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Listen to me; I don't know who you are or where you're from—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b> enters.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Beg pardon, Mr. Hart!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Now what?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>George Gershwin's out there.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>George Gershwin!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Yes, sir.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>My God! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He hurries out.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Who is it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</td>
					<td>George Gershwin. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He also hurries out.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Brainard</td>
					<td>Yeah! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Brainard</b>, after a second's hesitation, also goes, hurrying a little. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> is next to go.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b></i> Did you ever see him?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>No.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>He stole my rhapsody. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> go.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> runs a careless scale; gets up from the piano.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Aren't you going out to see him?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Make him come to me. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Goes off the other way.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b> and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</b> come on—<b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b> leads the way and seems thoroughly at home.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Where's everybody?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Hello, Goldie.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Good afternoon, Mrs. Sears.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b></i> I see you've moved the piano.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">with vast impertinence</i> Not me! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She goes; the women are alone.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Well, here we are! Why don't you go in and say hello to Hart?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>I'd rather run into him accidentally. It looks better.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>You're not as sure of him as you let on.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Yes, I am! Why shouldn't I be?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Well, the way he went away, in the first place. And he didn't exactly keep the wires hot while he was gone.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>He wrote to me, every place he went.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Yah, if you call picture post-cards writing.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>He was busy most of the time. It was a business trip.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>He certainly sent you a beautiful view of the Detroit Athletic Club. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b> glares at her.</i> And that new water-works in Cleveland. A man that didn't care about you would have sent a picture of the <i>old</i> water-works. He's kind of a Latin type. Hot-blooded.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>You can say all you want to. Just the same, when he finds I've been going out with Stevens he's going to be insanely jealous. You watch him.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Well, maybe. But he didn't even wire you for a date to-night. It's the first time he hasn't done that.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>He's taking it for granted. That's even better.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Any prospective reply is cut short by the return of <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny.</b></i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Hello, there!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Hello!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>George Gershwin's outside.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Yeah?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Don't you want to meet him?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>It's too late now.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>No—he's still there.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Yah, but I'm not.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>I was telling him about my new number— "Hello, Tokio!" He said it was a great idea. But I forgot—you ain't heard it. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He dashes for the piano.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>It's all right. I'll take Gershwin's word.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>He said it would make the nuckelus of a great musical show. It's about a fella that falls in love with a pitcher of a Japanese princess, and he calls her up on the long distance phone.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Is she sitting home?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Yah. Why?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I just wondered if things were the same over there.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">thinking hard</i> Of course in a musical show he and she have got to get together. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Gets a sudden idea; a snap of the fingers.</i> I got it—he flies there! That's what he does—he flies there! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Now working as if in a trance.</i> And he arrives in cherry blossom time!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Is that a record?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>What a part for Lindbergh, if he could sing! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He goes.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>We'd better be moving. We're kind of exposed here.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</b> and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> return.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Hello, there! Gee, I'm glad to see you!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">not so glad</i> Oh, hello!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Hello!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>You two can't stay here. We're going to do the song.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Mr. Hart ain't heard the song yet. Gee, I hope he likes it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>He'll like it all right. Lucille and I have brought you luck.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Yah. I'm a born rabbit's foot.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>We don't need luck, with this number.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b></i> If they take it we'll have some celebration to-night! Won't we!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>We can decide that later. I don't know—I may not want to go out to-night.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Mr. Hart</b> comes back. Apparently Gershwin didn't stay long.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Here we are!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Oh, Mr. Hart!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">a little flustered; he had not counted on running into <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b> this way</i> Well! I didn't know we had visitors. Hello, Lucille.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Hello.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</b> turns slowly to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen.</b></i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">coming to the rescue</i> This is Miss Fletcher, Mr. Hart. Miss Fletcher's Paul's sister-in-law.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Yes. I've already met Miss Fletcher.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">still helping</i> Mr. Hart's been off on a trip.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>That's very interesting.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>He's been in all the big cities. Chicago, and Cincinnati, and Cleveland—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I understand Cleveland's got a new water-works.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</b> looks at her, dumbly.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Are you ready for our song now, Mr. Hart? I mean "June Moon"?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>In a minute. I've a little work to do.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">quickly</i> Fred's been trying very hard to learn the business.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">arrested</i> Yes?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>I guess we've been pretty nearly every place, haven't we, hearing the new songs?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>You bet! Miss Fletcher's taken me every place. I think I know now what people want, all right.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">looking at <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> with new interest</i> Oh! So you are a friend of Miss Fletcher's?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>We ain't been acquainted long, but—well, we're pretty good friends. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">To <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b></i> Aren't we?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Yah!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">has a thought</i> Suppose you boys come into my office and we'll run this song over.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>You mean right away!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Yes, of course.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>That's fine. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Rushing to the piano.</i> Where's the lead sheet and the lyrics?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Here they are!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Shall we go right in?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Yes, of course.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>But where's Maxie? We got to have Maxie.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>I'll send for him. Now then, who wrote this song?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr class="together">
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred<br/>
					Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">together, as they go through the door</i> I did!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">The women are once more alone.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Did you see that? He's insanely jealous.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Well, if that's jealousy I'll take a plain lemonade.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>You don't know him the way I do! He's burning up!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>He controlled it pretty well. He didn't say anything about a date to-night.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>How could he, with Stevens here?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> crosses the stage, enroute to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart's</b> office.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Well, it won't be long now. He's going to hear it at last.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Yah. We're waiting for the verdict.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>It's Stevens' first offense. They'll acquit him on the grounds of insanity. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He is gone.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>You know, if they buy that limerick, Stevens'll be getting up a party for to-night. He was talking about it already.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>I know.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>What are you going to do about him, anyhow? He's going to be kind of a nuisance with Hart back.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>I can handle him. He's so far gone you can tell him anything.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>We certainly do attract song-writers, we Fletcher girls. It's a curse.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>He's not a bad kid. I kind of like him. And he might make a lot of money in this game. Plenty of others have done it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">slowly</i> I wonder if that damned song is any good. All of Paul's stuff sounds just alike to me.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Maybe Stevens' lyrics are just silly enough to get over. I've got kind of a hunch that they are.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Even if they buy it it won't mean anything to us. Paul's so far ahead of his royalties they'll never catch up. He could write "Madame Butterfly" and it wouldn't even get me a new girdle.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Anyway, I've got Stevens broken in right, whoever gets him. You've got to give me credit for changing some of his ideas. I imagine every week was Thrift Week in Schenectady.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>It's Thrift Year for me. Year after year. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She drops into a chair.</i> And I'm getting pretty sick of it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Why don't you do something?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Well, maybe I am.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>You are? What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">shakes her head</i> That's all right.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Don't be a fool! What's happened?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Nothing exactly yet.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Well, what's going to happen?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I don't know. Nothing.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">pleading</i> Will you tell me?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">makes up her mind</i> Remember—Ed Knowlton?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Yes. What about him?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I ran into him Friday, on Madison Avenue.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Why didn't you tell me?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Because I knew what you'd say and I wanted to think it out for myself.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>What's it all about? What's he doing here?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>He's left Chicago for good. They're living on East Fifty-seventh—he and his wife and the two kids.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Well?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>He still likes me, and I like him.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Has he got any money?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>He makes a lot, but he spends it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>If he likes you that's not a fatal drawback.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>He likes me all right.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Can he get rid of her?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">shakes her head</i> No, it's her uncle or something owns the business. But he saw I wasn't happy, and—well, we had a couple of drinks and talked. He kept saying I ought to have nice things,—and that he was willing to give them to me.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Don't tell me you aren't going to do it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I'm kind of afraid. Suppose Paul gets inquisitive?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Paul! He doesn't know silk from asbestos. To hell with him anyway! It's time you had some luck!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I don't know what to do. You and I look at things different. But Ed's so nice. The things he says they make me feel young again. And it's such a relief to just talk to a man that hates music!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Listen, if you don't do this—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> runs on, all excitement.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>They're going to take it! They've took it! They're crazy about it!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Well, that's fine! I knew they'd like it!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>It's my first song! My first one to be published!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>That's wonderful.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">wildly unenthusiastic</i> It's quite thrilling.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>They're making me out a check for two hundred and fifty dollars! That's just what they call an advance royalties!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</b> returns.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>They took it all right!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>So Fred said.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Yes!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>You should have heard what Hart said about the melody.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b></i> Aren't you glad about the song? Aren't you excited?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">her mind beyond the door</i> I should say so.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</b> comes in.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">expansively</i> Well, what do you think of this young man? Making good in his first attempt!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>It's wonderful!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Yes, indeed.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>And Paul, too. He's written a nice little melody. Did you get your check, Stevens?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>No, sir. Not yet.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Goldie'll bring it to you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">crossing to his own office</i> Well, thought you people would be on your way by this time.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>We are waiting for Fred's check!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>I'll bet you are! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He's gone.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Mr. Hart! We were all planning on going some place to-night, to celebrate the success of the song. We'd love to have you come along with us, if you can.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">A moment of embarrassment. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b> just waits.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Well, now, I'd like to do that, but I'm very sorry. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</b> starts talking to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b>, but shifts his gaze to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen.</b></i> You see, I just got back from this trip, and I'm tied up with Mr. Goebel to-night.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Oh, that's too bad.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">with more meaning</i> Yes, it is.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>I'm sure you'll have a wonderful time. Can't tell you how much I'd like to be along. But of course, business comes first.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">A very beautiful young lady enters. Her name is <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Miss Rixey.</b></i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Miss Rixey</td>
					<td>Hello, Joe. Am I late?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">after clearing his throat</i> Miss Rixey, isn't it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Miss Rixey</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">puzzled at this reception</i> What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Ah—they told me you were coming.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Miss Rixey</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">coming right to him</i> You knew damn well I was coming!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">still trying to cover up</i> Did you bring those orchestrations?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Miss Rixey</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">holding up a bundle which obviously contains two bottles of liquor</i> You mean this?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">sunk by this time; grabs her by arm and rushes her into his office</i> Ah—just step into my office and we'll talk business.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Miss Rixey</td>
					<td>Listen, Joe, that driver of yours is so damn dumb—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">loudly</i> Yes, we publish that! Right this way!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">airily, when they are gone</i> Well, well, well!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>It's too bad he can't go, but the four of us can have a good time.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">recklessly</i> Have a good time! You bet we can! We're going to have the best time any crowd ever had! Aren't we, Freddy boy? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Throws her arms around him and kisses him.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>We sure are, girlie!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b> comes on.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Here's your check, Mr. Stevens.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Great!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Hooray! Here's the check! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She takes it.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Just in time!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Two hundred and fifty dollars! You've just got to give me a great big kiss!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Oh, you two!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Do you love me?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>You bet I do!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Where'll we go for dinner?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>I want a good steak.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>How about the Park Casino?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Oh, fine! I've never been there! I hear it's marvellous!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>They've got the most wonderful band! You'll love it, Freddie boy!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I will if you're along!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>I'm going to be, don't you worry about that! Wherever you are, that's where I'm going to be!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>That suits me all right!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Come on, everybody!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Don't forget we got to cash the check.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">waving the check</i> I should say not! We're not going to forget that, are we, Freddie boy?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>You bet we aren't!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">They are gone; <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b> alone is left. She picks out some songs from the shelves. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b>, the girl he left behind him, peeps in, then enters.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Do you know if they've heard Mr. Stevens's song yet? I mean "June Moon"?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">pretty hard-boiled</i> Yah. They did.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">starting brightly forward</i> Was it all right? Did they like it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">surveying her</i> They took it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">in pleased excitement</i> Really! Where are they? Still in there?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Not any more. They've all gone.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>They went out just a couple of minutes ago.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Mr.—Stevens, too?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Yah. With Mr. Sears and the two girls.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Oh!... Thank you very much.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b> takes a moment to look her up and down, then goes. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> stands stock still for a moment, stunned. The door opens and the <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</b> returns, sponge still in hand. He looks at <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> a bit curiously; the scrutiny is more than she can stand. All she can do is rush out.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">The room belongs to the <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Window Cleaner</b>, and maybe he doesn't realize it. He scampers over to the piano and hits a few tentative notes. Resigning himself to a musical career, he drops his sponge on the window sill and starts picking out the notes of "Hello, Tokio!" Encouraged by his success with the first phrase, he starts again, this time singing it. Then he takes a long breath and starts again, louder this time. He is plunging recklessly into it, and oblivious of his surroundings, when <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> comes in behind him. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> stands perfectly still for a second, taking in the situation. Then he makes up his mind. Turn about, he decides, is fair play. He picks up the sponge and starts feverishly washing the window.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">
							<b epub:type="z3998:persona">The Curtain Falls</b>
						</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
			</table>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
