<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>III</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:drama z3998:fiction">
		<section id="act-3" epub:type="chapter z3998:scene">
			<h2>Act III</h2>
			<p>The scene is still at Goebel's—the time about a month later. GOLDIE comes on and goes to the music racks. While she is searching for songs, BENNY enters. Except that BENNY never just enters—he shoots on.</p>
			<table>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Where's Hart?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>He's out somewhere.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Did you tell him I wanted to see him?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Yes, but he was on his way out.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>What did he say?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Nothing. He just hurried.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>I've got to see him. I've got a number that will knock his eye out.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Like "Tokio?"</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Don't kid me about "Tokio." If ever a man got a crooked deal! Listen—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>I've heard it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>You ain't heard it all because I didn't know it myself till last night. Harry Ruby told me at the Friars. It seems that the night I played it there, there was a fella named Stein hanging around.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">incredulous</i> At the Friars?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Well, he hears my number, and he tells these other fellas, and they turn out their damn "Hello, Shanghai!" and beat me to it. It's increditable, but that's what happened. And on top of that Maxie says their number is better than mine because Shanghai's further away than Tokio. I'll kill the two of them the first time I get them alone together, I don't care if they got a thousand friends with them. And that ain't all. They stole my song and I'm going to sue them for perjury.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>I think you'll get it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>And it wasn't only a song they stole—it was a whole production. A musical comedy. That's where the big money is. And that's what I'm going to get into. I'll tell you something. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Confidentially.</i> I'm not going to be with Goebel's much longer.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>I heard that.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Who from?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Mr. Goebel.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>You couldn't—he doesn't know it yet.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Oh!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>I'm quitting and they can see how they like that. They can get along with Stevens and his brilliant ideas. "June Moon!" The lucky saphead!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>It was on at five different stations last night.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>The oldest idea in the world! And I write a great novelty number and it's stole off me!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</b> arrives.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b></i> Have you seen Stevens?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Want to hear a great song?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">still to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b></i> Have you?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>He hasn't come in.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Get this, Paul! Tell me if you don't think it'll slaughter them! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> hits one chord; <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</b> enters.</i> Hello, Boss! You're just in time!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">a wave of the hand that takes care of <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> for the moment</i> Where's Stevens? Is he in yet?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>I'm waiting for him myself.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b></i> Call his hotel. See if he's there.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>I did a while ago. He was out.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>See if they know where to get a hold of him.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b> goes. She loves her work, this girl.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">How are you coming with the new numbers?</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">uncomfortably</i> Pretty good, only Fred don't seem to want to work lately. He was going to meet me here at eleven.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>He ought to be getting busy. He's not going to work on his honeymoon.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>No, sir.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>When he comes in, tell him I'd like to see him.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Yes, sir. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He goes out.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">stopping <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</b> before he can escape</i> Listen, Mr. Hart! It won't take me two minutes to show you this number. It's sure to hit you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Anything like "Tokio"?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>I had a tough break on that, Mr. Hart—that "Hello, Shanghai." Why, do you know what? There ain't even a telephone between New York and Shanghai!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Well, we'll have one put in. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> comes on.</i> Oh, Maxie, I was just going to send for you. There's a young fellow outside who has written a song.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Who is it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>That's just the point. Somebody my sister-in-law sent, so do whatever you can for him. He's only sixteen years old.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>And still grinding them out?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>It's probably one of those things, but <i>you</i> know—you never can tell. Anything can happen, after "June Moon."</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>As long as you've brought that up, would you mind answering me a riddle?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>What is it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Did you have any idea that was going to be a hit? Honestly, now?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">hesitantly</i> Well, I'll tell you, Maxie—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">starts to leave</i> That's all I wanted to know.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Do whatever you can for the lad, Maxie. He came all the way from Plainfield.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>He'll get home safe. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He goes.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">still trying</i> Listen, Mr. Hart, won't you hear this?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Hear what?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>This number. The title is "Give Our Child A Name." It'll make "June Moon" sound like a dirge. It's a couple that give birth to a little one in two-four tempo.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>It won't do you any good knocking Stevens's number.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>
						<p>I ain't knocking his lousy number, but get this, Mr. Hart! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He jumps to the piano.</i></p>
						<div epub:type="z3998:verse">
							<p>
								<span>"Should a father's carnal sins</span>
								<br/>
								<span>Blight the life of babykins?</span>
								<br/>
								<span>All I ask is give our child a—"</span>
							</p>
						</div>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">His hands descend on the keyboard in an annoyed discord as <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b> enter.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Well! Here's the groom at last!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> goes, banging the door behind him.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>You can blame it on me. I've been making him get some new clothes.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Well, you two are certainly to be congratulated.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Thanks.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Much obliged.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>But don't forget your work. When do you sail?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Saturday.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>We sail Saturday.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">having his bit of fun</i> I certainly envy you. I wish I could go along.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>There's no chance, I suppose?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Not at this time of year. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Visibly enjoying the situation.</i> If you could postpone it a month—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">brightening</i> Yah, that might be a good idea!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Don't be silly!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I forgot. Eileen wants to be on the Riveeria in the season.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>I see. Well, I hope they don't take you at Monte Carlo.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>If they don't take us there we can go somewheres else.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Anyhow, be sure to get your work done. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He starts to go.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Oh, Mr. Hart!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Yes?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Fred wants to speak to you about something else.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">quickly</i> No, I don't.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>But you do, dear.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I'll ask you later.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Is anything the matter?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>No, no! It wasn't—I just—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart</td>
					<td>Well, I'll be in my office, if you want me. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He leaves.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Why didn't you ask him when you had a chance?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">weakly</i> They've advanced me so much already.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>But sweetheart, you promised me. You said you'd ask him to-day.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I will after while. I got to find Paul now—I got to go to work.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Oh, don't go to work yet. You never have any time for me. You don't realize I want to be loved once in a while.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I held your hand in the taxi.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Just think! Only three more days till we belong to each other. Isn't it marvellous!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>It's four, ain't it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Four till we sail. Only three till we get married.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I wished it wasn't quite so soon.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I mean, on account of those two numbers.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Don't forget—you're to ask him for a thousand dollars advance on each of them.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>But that's too much! I've borrowed thirty-five hundred dollars off them already on "June Moon"—maybe more than my royalties will amount to altogether.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Don't be ridiculous! That number will still be selling when you're dead.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I won't care so much then.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Your children will. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> is embarrassed.</i> Don't you want children, dear?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I don't get along with them very good.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>You would with your own.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>No. I figure I'd get along better with other people's, because they'd go home once in a while.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>We needn't think of that now. Let's just think of you and me, all alone on that big boat.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>We won't be alone. The fella said it would be pretty near full.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>But we don't have to see anybody. A bride and groom don't generally go around much—they're supposed to be so awfully in love.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I'll want to eat once in a while.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>They'll serve us in our cabin.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>It'll be kind of close quarters. Maybe I could go in the dining-room and order you a meal sent up.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>And leave me all alone? I'd be scared to death.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>It's just as dangerous in the dining-room as the bedroom. If the ship sinks, pretty near all the rooms will be under water.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Let's not think about such things. Just think of the pleasant side. London and Paris—I'm glad we're going to Paris first, so I can get some clothes.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Clothes? What have you been buying?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>They're all right for the ship, dear, but not the Riviera. Don't you want to be proud of me—the way I look?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>But if you're going to stay in your cabin all the time you won't need nothing but a Mother Hubbard.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> comes back; <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b> automatically starts to go.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Well! All ready for the big trip?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Pretty near. The boat sails Saturday.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>I don't know what you want to go to Europe for.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">bristling</i> Why not?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Because he's never been there. A song-writer never goes anywhere for the first time—they're always going back to places. Back to Indiana—back, back to Baltimore.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">annoyed</i> Fred, are you going to talk to Mr. Hart?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yes, ma'am.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Well, this would be a good time. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She goes, in about medium dudgeon.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I'd like to be going back, back to Schenectady, but Eileen's got her heart set on Europe.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>I hear it's quite a place.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yes, I guess so. I was kind of excited about it at first, but now I don't know—I don't want to go so bad. I'm kind of tired, I guess—the way we been going it lately. I'm kind of behind on my sleep.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">appraisingly</i> But you've been having a lot of fun. All those night clubs.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I did at first—dancing and everything—but now my feet's so sore I have to take a bath every day. You might as well take a whole bath as just your feet. And they ache so I can't sleep in them. Gosh, I'm so tired all the time. I don't have time to sleep, anyway. We shop till the stores is closed, and then we get dressed up for dinner and the evening. If I don't get some rest soon I'll have a nervous break-up. And everything costs SO much. Eileen wants a taxi if she's only going in the other room.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>This trip to Europe—that's going to be kind of expensive, too, ain't it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yes. I always thought I'd save my money, if I ever got any.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>You picked out a thrifty girl, all right.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I kind of get thinking sometimes, maybe a man like I that's just breaking in, maybe he shouldn't get married so soon, especially a woman that's got to have so many clothes. Sometimes I think it would be better if I hadn't got engaged.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">feeling his way</i> I read of a case once, in Michigan, where a man was engaged to a girl and didn't marry her.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I didn't read that. Have you got the clippings?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>No. But my memory's pretty good. For instance, I remember a mighty nice little girl that was here to see you one time. I even remember her name—Miss Baker.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">nervously</i> Maxie, you haven't seen her or anything, have you?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">the picture of innocence</i> Me? No. Why?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">uneasily</i> I guess I shouldn't be thinking of her at a time like this—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Are you?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I don't know. Sometimes I—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b> enters, bound for those same old music shelves. It is a welcome interruption so far as <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> is concerned.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I got to find Paul. I got to do some work. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He withdraws.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">looking after him</i> Just one of the Happiness boys—he and Pagliacco.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">with her songs</i> Mother song and mother song—why don't they ever write about their uncle?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">thoughtfully</i> Suppose I told you I was thinking of doing something about him?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Suppose I went even further and told you I'd already done it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>What are you talking about?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>I'm talking about a little girl that came in here to see Stevens about a month ago. The one you sent the music to.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Oh!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>She's the one he ought to be marrying, instead of this whatever-she-is.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">with monumental indifference</i> My God, what's the difference who marries a lyric writer? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She goes.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> stands a moment, deep in thought. He drifts to the piano—aimlessly, instinctively. Drops onto the bench; his fingers slide over the keys. But he is not thinking about his music.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">And then <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</b> enters. A new <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</b>, patently. She wears a gorgeous red dress, topped off with a coat of the same material, trimmed in white fur. But it's not only the clothes. She has that note of assurance that only the perfectly dressed woman can have. She comes into the room slowly, confidently.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">as he looks her over</i> Hello.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Where's everybody?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Paul's outside somewhere. I think he's working.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Has Eileen been here?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>She's around.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Thanks.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>All dressed up to-day.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Not especially.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>You look like a bride yourself.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</b> gives a visible start; the situation is saved by the entrance of <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen.</b></i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Hello! I thought I saw you!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Well, I've got to get busy, if you'll excuse me. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He goes.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">observing the dress</i> Oh, say, it's a peach!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Do you like it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>You bet! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She lowers her voice.</i> Have you got a date?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I think so. I'm to phone his office later on. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She is not at ease.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">a look at her watch</i> What do you say we have lunch?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Wait a minute.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>What's the matter?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I don't want to go out there yet.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Why not?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I don't feel like running into Paul.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Aren't you ever going to get over that? What is there to be afraid of?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I don't know. I'm just nervous.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>He'll never guess anything. He's blind and always has been.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Thanks!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>You know what I mean. All he thinks about's his tunes. We've got a chance to be happy, you and I—for a while, anyhow. Let's take it!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>You're a funny one to figure out.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Why?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Taking up with Stevens this way. You always lectured me about Paul—his being a song-writer. And now you're going to go and do the same thing.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Stevens is different. He's a nice kid. Of course, he's not exactly what you'd call—bright.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Bright? He's not even born yet.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</b> enters.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Oh, hello.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Hello.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>What's that—a new dress?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">a silly question</i> This?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">sensing a storm</i> I'll meet you outside, Lucille.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Wait a minute—I'll go with you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>No, I want to talk to you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">scared</i> What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">a look at <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b></i> Stay in here a minute.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>What for?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>I'll go on out. I want to talk to Fred. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She escapes, and glad of the chance.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>What's the matter?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">on the dress again</i> That is new, isn't it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Don't you think it's about time?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>How much was it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>It won't come due for a while. I may of it myself.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>take care I can take care of it, if it ain't too soon.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I've got to go on out. Eileen's waiting.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Hold on! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</b> turns, not knowing what to expect.</i> That's what I want to talk to you about.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>About her and Fred.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">in vast relief</i> Oh!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>She's got him so he can't hardly work at all. I don't know when we're going to finish the new numbers.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Of course you can finish them.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>But taking him off on this trip! It's going to cost him a million dollars. And just when we're beginning to work good together!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>You can write other numbers while he's gone.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>But that ain't the point. I mean—do you think we ought to do it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Do what?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Do you think they ought to go ahead and get married? He's a hell of a nice guy—I've kind of got to like him.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>What of it? Eileen's a nice girl.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>But—you know what I mean. Isn't it kind of a dirty trick—I mean, after the way Eileen— <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</b> gives him a sharp look.</i> Well, Hart and everything?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">in a low tone</i> You ought to have more sense.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Just the same, I don't feel right about it. And the way she's throwing his money around—like it was confetti. Spending every nickel she can get on herself! Clothes, clothes—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>You can't go to Europe in a life belt.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Do you know what she spent in one afternoon, yesterday? Close to four hundred dollars. He pretty near cried when he told me. And I don't blame him. He's too nice a kid.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>She doesn't spend that every day.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>She shouldn't have spent it at all. You should have had more sense than to let her.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">flaring a little</i> How could I stop her? I wasn't there!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Yes, you were! You were with her all afternoon.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">quickly covering herself</i> Oh, yes. I thought you meant the day before.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>It was Sunday, the day before.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Yah—I just mixed up, that's all.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Anyhow, something ought to be done about it. She's got him in debt enough.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">nervously</i> I'll talk to her about it. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Starts out.</i> Don't Don't say anything you say anything to her. about—I mean, what she spent yesterday afternoon. I'll go and talk to her. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She gets away.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</b> stands in thought for a moment; then he starts to go. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> catches him in the act.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Can you listen to that number?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Can you hear that number now?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Aw—I got to work, Benny. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Goes.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</b> immediately enters.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Where's Hart?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>Can't you think up a new question?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Where is he?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Goldie</td>
					<td>He's out getting a permanent. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">And she goes.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> almost gives up; is about to leave. But then there arrives the beautiful young woman known as <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Miss Rixey.</b> She heads for <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart's</b> door.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">without much hope</i> Say, do you want to hear a new song?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Miss Rixey</td>
					<td>Sure!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">bowled over by this answer</i> What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Miss Rixey</td>
					<td>I said sure.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">darts to the piano and starts</i>
						<p>
							<span>"Should a father's carnal sins</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Blight the life of babykins?</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i2">All I ask is give our child—"</span>
						</p>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">But <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Miss Rixey</b> has not waited. Something about the rhythm has caught her ear, and she has simply gone into her dance. It has expressed itself in the form of a neat Off-to-Buffalo, right through the door and into <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Hart's</b> office. And perhaps further.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> sits looking after her, stunned. As he does so <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> enters—a bit uncertainly, as is her wont, but she enters.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">willing to take anything</i> Hello, kid.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Hello.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>Want to see somebody?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I'll be going.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>
						<p>Wait—you want to hear a great song? You know who I am, don't you? I'm Benny Fox, the hit-writer. I write words and music both. I'm like Berlin, only more pathetic. Now I got a new one. It's about a couple that have a baby without benefit to a clergyman, and you can dance to it. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He plays it.</i></p>
						<div epub:type="z3998:verse">
							<p>
								<span>"Should a father's carnal sins</span>
								<br/>
								<span>Blight the life of babykins?</span>
								<br/>
								<span>All I ask is give our child a name—I mean a last name.</span>
								<br/>
								<span>I don't ask to share your life,</span>
								<br/>
								<span>Live with you as man and wife;</span>
								<br/>
								<span>All I ask is give our child a name—</span>
								<br/>
								<span>Not just a first name."</span>
							</p>
						</div>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<p>
							<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> comes on.) Hello, Maxie. I'll start over so you can get this.</i>
						</p>
						<p>
							<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">&gt; "Should a father's carnal sins—</i>
						</p>
						<p>
							<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> (looking at <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b></i>
						</p>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Wait a minute! Isn't this—Miss Baker?</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>And you're Mr. Schwartz.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Correct!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>
						<p>Come on, Maxie! Get a load of this!</p>
						<div epub:type="z3998:verse">
							<p>
								<span>"Should a father's carnal sins—"</span>
							</p>
						</div>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Go back to your cell! We want to talk!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>But she wants to hear this number!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">gets an idea</i> Listen! You don't know who she is.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</td>
					<td>No.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Well! Remember what happened to "Tokio." <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">It's a case of the burnt child. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Benny</b> scoots out, throwing a look back at <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> as he goes.</i> My, but I'm glad to see you!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>It's nice of you to say so, anyway.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>I guess it was kind of nervy of me, calling you up that way. Hope you didn't mind.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Why—no. I—I thought it was very friendly.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Of course it isn't really any of my business exactly, but—nobody else was doing anything, so I thought I would. Probably you can guess who it's about.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Tell me about him! What's happened? What's happened to him?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Do you mind if I ask a question? I think I know the answer.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>You're in love with him, aren't you? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> turns away.</i> You know, you can tell me. I'm for you—I want to help you. You do—love him? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> nods.</i> Enough to keep him from—ruining himself?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>How do you mean?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>He's engaged to be married. You know that?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I—supposed that was it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>But he's not happy. He's not in love with her.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">breaking out</i> I can't do anything! He doesn't love me! He never did!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Somebody's got to do something. He's not a fellow that can think for himself. They left that out.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Oh, why did you make me come here? I shouldn't have done it—I don't know why I did! I've been trying every way to forget him—I went away, and I didn't see anybody, and then I went around with lots of people—it only made it worse. I kept wanting to call him up, and once I did, only—I hung up before he could come to the telephone.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Let me bring him in here.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>No, no! I don't want to talk to him! I mustn't!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>But he's in trouble. And you're the only one that can help him.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>He don't want to see me!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Let me tell him you're here. It can't do any harm. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> is silent.</i> You needn't answer. Only promise me one thing.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>No matter what happens, come and see me afterward. Will you? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> nods.</i> The second door on the left, down that hall. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> goes. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> is alone for a moment. Two moments, even. Then a pretty excited <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> comes on.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Hello, Eddie.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Hello.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I'm awful glad to see you, Eddie! Gee, but I'm glad to see you!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I didn't really come to—I mean, it was Mr. Schwartz that made me talk to you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>My, but it's great to see you again! I didn't know how great it would be.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I'm glad to see you, too, Fred. I'm glad you're well and that you're going to be—happy.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I been thinking about you, Eddie an awful lot, lately. I been waking up in the morning, thinking about you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Are you waking up in the morning again, Fred?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I been going to call you up to tell you about it. We used to have a lot of fun together. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Eagerly.</i> Remember that day in Van Cortlandt Park when I lost my watch and that little boy found it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>You gave him a nickel.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>It was a dime. And he said, "Keep it and buy your wife a raddio set." He thought we was married. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He laughs, as though trying to induce a mood of merriment in <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna.</b></i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I remember.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>You was embarrassed, all right. You got red.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Any girl would.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>And then coming back we forgot to change at Seventy-second Street. That is, you forgot. I didn't know any better.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I just wasn't thinking.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>We had to go all the way down to Times Square. That's when we saw the flea circus.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>You said one of the fleas reminded you of a man in Schenectady.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yeah. Perry Robinson. He always walked like he'd just picked up a nail. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> drops the pretense and comes out with it.</i> Eddie, did Maxie say anything to you? About me.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">in agony</i> He said you were going to be married, Fred. I should have congratulated you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">suddenly</i> I don't want to any more, Eddie! I know it now! I don't want to!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Don't say that, Fred! Don't! Don't say it unless you mean it! I couldn't stand it!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>But I do mean it, Eddie! I mean it more than anything in the—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b> comes on. You knew she would.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">rather gaily</i> I'm sorry.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">as <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> shows signs of bolting</i> No—don't go away. This is—Miss Fletcher.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">appraisingly</i> Hello.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>And this is Miss Baker. She's the little girl— I mean, I used to know her when—</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">who can't stand it</i> I'll be going if you don't mind. Good-by, Fred.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>No—look! Don't go away!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>Yes, I must! I—good-by, Miss Fletcher! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She rushes off. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> hesitates for a second; then starts out after her.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Fred!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">stopping short</i> Huh?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Why, what's the matter with you? One would almost think it was her you were going to marry instead of me.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">facing her</i> I got to tell you something.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Why, what is it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I don't want to get married! I mean—you and I!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Do you know what you're saying?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I can't help it! I shouldn't ever have done it! I didn't realize!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Well! This is a fine time to tell me! Why didn't you wait till Friday!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I just now realized it!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>I see! And you think all you have to do is tell me and that settles it. Well, it doesn't work quite that way!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>You think I'm going to stand by and let you throw me over for that little snip!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>She is not!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Not by a damned sight! I'll sue her for alienation—that's what I'll do.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>You can't She was born right here in New York State!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>You seem to have forgotten something! Did you beg me to marry you or didn't you?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>But I didn't know then.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>You seem to have forgotten that I was engaged to another man, and that you took me away from him! What about that?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I can't help it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">a change of method</i> But that isn't the main thing. I love you, Freddy. You made me love you. I didn't at first, but you made me. And now you want to leave me.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>But you don't want me to marry you, if I feel that way.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>What would you think of a man that made a girl love him, when she was already engaged, and then threw her over? Do you think that would be quite—honorable?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">with sudden inspiration</i> Honorable! That's just what I got to be! That's why I can't marry you!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>What do you mean?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I mean I got to marry another girl, to save her from—from worse than death.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>That little kid? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">A gesture.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yes!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>You mean you've got her in trouble?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yes! That's it!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>I don't believe you! I'm going to call her back!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">stopping her</i> No, no! You mustn't tell her that!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Why not?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I—I want to surprise her.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">a scornful surveying</i> Did you think I was going to fall for any story like that? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> turns away.</i> I'm the one you're engaged to, and I'm the one you're going to marry.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</b> comes in.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Not interrupting, am I?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">slowly, and narrowly observing <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b></i> No, I was just going. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">With great deliberation.</i> We understand each other. Don't we? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She watches <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b>; gets no response; goes out.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>What's the matter?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">dully</i> Huh?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>You haven't had a fight, have you?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">shakes his head</i> There ain't anything the matter.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>I thought maybe we might get after one of those numbers.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I don't feel much like working.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>I'm sorry if anything's happened.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>It ain't nothing. I'll be all right soon.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>The only thing is—there isn't much time left if we're going to finish before you go. Here it is Tuesday.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>How about starting in early to-morrow morning?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>What are you doing this afternoon?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I got to go to the French passport place.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>I thought you went there yesterday.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I couldn't. I told you I went with Eileen while she was shopping.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Oh, yah. Four hundred dollars.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>She certainly knows how to spend.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">lightly</i> You must have had a swell time, running around with two women all afternoon.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>No, I wasn't. What two women?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Her and Lucille.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Lucille wasn't along. Just I and Eileen.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Yesterday?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">nods</i> We was together from one till five-thirty. Why?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">trying to fit things together</i> Nothing, only—and it was yesterday she spent the four hundred?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>It was three eighty-seven.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>That's funny.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>What's the matter?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">slowly</i> I don't know. I guess I got things kind of mixed up.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>What things?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Didn't Lucille ever meet you, during the afternoon?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>No. Why?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b> and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</b> look in.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>We're going out to lunch. Want to come along?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">almost too casually</i> I want to talk to you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>I said I want to talk to you.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>What about?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">catching a note of something in <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul's</b> manner</i> What's the matter with him?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Where were you yesterday afternoon?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">trying to do some quick thinking</i> I was—out.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">quiet, but terrifying</i> I said, where were you?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Do I have to report all my movements?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>You do when I catch you lying! Where were you?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> is following this with wide but uncomprehending eyes. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b> is scared but wary, waiting to go to the defense if she can.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I had an engagement! It was—with an old friend of mine, and I thought you might not want me to do it, and so I told you I was with Eileen.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">beginning to understand</i> Oh!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I know it was foolish of me! I was going to tell you later.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>She was going to tell you to-night! She told me so.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>Yah!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Yah? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">After another terrible pause.</i> Where'd you get that dress?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>What? I bought it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>I treated her to it, if you want to know.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Is that so? That wasn't what you told me.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>I was afraid you wouldn't let me take it.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">after a bit of thinking</i> Where'd you go, yesterday afternoon? With this fellow?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>We went to a matinée.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>On a Monday?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>It was at the Palace. We went to the Palace.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">taking plenty of time</i> Who was there?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>On the bill. Who were the headliners?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">panic in her voice</i> I don't see what difference that makes.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">not raising his tone</i> You—dirty—lying—double-crosser!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>That's not true!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">stopping <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b></i> Keep still! I'm sick of the whole thing! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She faces Paul.</i> Yes!... Yes, if you want to know!... Yes and to hell with you! Did you think I was going to wait around forever for you to give me the things I wanted? God knows I waited long enough! And then—I just didn't wait any longer, that's all. What do you know about that? Huh? What do you know about that? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</b> is stunned. Turns slowly away.</i> So—that's the way that stands! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She takes a step toward the door; breaks into sobs. <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b> goes to her; puts her arm around her.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>But—but you mean to say that when you were married to him— <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He takes a moment, trying to realize it. Then, to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen.</b></i> But you must have known she was doing it!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>What? Why—no, I didn't.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Yes. You said you bought her the dress.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">a scornful laugh</i> Known she was doing it! She put her up to it!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>That's not true!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>No? Well, then I'll tell you something that is true!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>Don't you believe him, Fred!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>And thank God I've got the courage to tell you at last!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>He's a liar, that's what he is! I tell you he's a liar!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Why, what is it?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>You didn't know your fiancée had a lover, did you?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>What?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>I tell you it's a lie. He's just trying to separate us!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>Am I?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>He's just making it up!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>She told you she was engaged to be married! Well, she wasn't! He was her lover, and he kicked her out, and that's why she took up with you! I'd have told you long ago, if I hadn't been a coward!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">staggered. Turns to <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b></i> Is this true?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">in final realization that the game is up</i> Of course it is, you little fool!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Gosh!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>That's probably a pretty big shock to those fine up-state morals of yours.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Then I been going around all this time with a—bad woman?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>And now have we both got permission to go, or does somebody else want to speak? <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Spotting <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b>, who has been brought on the scene by <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie.</b></i> Maybe your little girl friend would like to say a few words?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>If she does, she'll say them to me. And I'll know I can believe them, too.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</td>
					<td>I'm sure you'll understand each other. What's more, you're probably the only two people in the world that would. Come on, Lucille. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">She surveys the lovers.</i> I want to come and visit that child of yours—next month. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Lucille</b> and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Eileen</b> go.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</b> has dropped into a chair, his head buried in his hands.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">turning to where <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</b> and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> stand</i> Eddie, I—I don't have to marry her.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>I'm so happy, Fred.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>I'm sorry, Paul, about—everything.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Paul</td>
					<td>That's all right. I'm glad if I helped to fix things for you. I should have told you long ago. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">He goes.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Only look! I've still got the tickets for the boat, and it says "Frederick M. Stevens and Wife." And I wonder if the steamship people allow you to change your wife?</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>Yes. If you don't do it in midstream.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Edna</td>
					<td>If your wife is the right kind she won't let you take her on an expensive trip. She'll make you put everything into a home. I don't mean a big home—just a little bungalow would do.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td>Bungalow! A bungalow for two! That'd be a great title!</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</td>
					<td>And I've got a great tune! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction"><b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> goes into "Button Up Your Overcoat." <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</b> is enchanted—to him it is something that <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Maxie</b> has composed on the spur of the moment. He starts improvising words.</i></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Fred</td>
					<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
						<p>
							<span>"In a bungalow for two,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Where we can bill and coo—"</span>
						</p>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Mercifully, the curtain is down.</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td/>
					<td>
						<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">
							<b epub:type="z3998:persona">Curtain</b>
						</i>
					</td>
				</tr>
			</table>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
